fire the Secretary of Veterans Affairs response to the outrage this evening and would a man says he resigned allegations that bats have died because of substandard medical care
Tara sue kidnapped those teenage girls in Nigeria as worldwide condemnation gross a question of excessive force
rise up an American city where the police department in suspected of killing civilians at alarming rate and high anxiety if you can stand it
94 stories about Chicago the lean out over the city of big shoulders Nightly News begins now
this is NBC Nightly News with Brian Williams
good evening they have all volunteered for duty and serve their nation with distinction they have sacrificed their families to do the same domestically in overseas and when they come home to the thanks of a grateful nation they have every right to expect at a grateful nation will take care of them
but as we learn more about a non folding healthcare scandal in the Veterans Administration it's now clear that's not happening in all cases and some of our vets have been ignored neglected under treated and mistreated with sometimes fatal consequences
tonight the man in charge of the VA a former 4 star general decorated combat veteran himself
is trying to fix this and hang onto is job today he sat down with our Pentagon correspondent Jim miklaszewski who starts off tonight
even for the troubled Department of Veterans Affairs it's a shocking scandal die while waiting for medical care at the VA hospital in Phoenix
I am hungry
television interview pa Secretary Eric Shinseki told in DC news that he was surprised at the allegations what promised a full investigation
are you willing is the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to accept full responsibility
I am Vanessa reason the ideal standard during the investigation
Hospital whistleblowers claim the internet for to improve their performance record administrators 1001 official
not to be reported if they die their names with disappear 10 to the 18 months of combating the system to get an appointment
you have to break through or basically do a full frontal assault in order to get an appointment
veterans groups of exploded an outrage the American Legion has the resignation
these are just unacceptable things that have come about thats that let us do this decision
what you did today is going nowhere they want you to resign or be fired
will you resign I would say I serve at the pleasure of the President
Veterans of America says the Veterans Administration Lex leadership accountability and curry
unfortunately is quickly becoming a punchline in this country
bad for v8 it bad for a better internet bad for America
it gets worse as investigators closed and I know it Phoenix VA hospital
Hospital officials order the records destroyed Paris
David it was important for an investigation
have it significant
alter an insect a scandalous spreading new allegations of falsified records have crept up at VA hospitals in Austin San Antonio and Fort Collins Colorado 109 veteran claims the VA has lost its humanity
clear people we bleed we cry we need the services and I don't want them to forget it
Shinseki is a graduate of West Point he was wounded in Vietnam and rose to the level of general in army chief of staff completely understand
why there is at level of outrage right now awesome kind of them off around my self
reporters who is a pentagon a foot lotions for years first does a general Dennis via a secretary and it seems today that even Shinseki Mary live
that the initial response is by the VA to many of these scandals will still not satisfied many of those veterans wine
reporting today from the Pentagon Jim Finks the United States is gearing up for an urgent mission in Nigeria tonight to provide military and other support
the help find and secure the release of hundreds of kidnapped schoolgirls ass outrage grows in this country in around the world the terrorists are showing no signs down in fact quite the contrary we get the very latest from Archie foreign affairs correspondent Andrea Mitchell
were the three weeks after the terrorist kidnapping the protests in Nigeria's capital earn a quieter put in the shadows of the burned out school 500 miles from the capital of Israel
some of the girls family hide at night and red of Boca Hurom returning protected they say by only a dozen police a community leader speaking to parents on the phone describes one father's agony not knowing his daughters fake
it is better did you know that the cell is it better He said then imagining her raped and sold as a sex slave Fairfield or justified not far away another attack earlier this week hundreds possibly killed
national community finally slowly awakening
I'm the father of two young daughters who's in every father and mother in this land or in the world this is an actual pure evil
Michelle Obama Tonight tweeting our prayers are with a missing Nigerian girls and their families its time do you hashtag bring back or girls speaking out today Malala yousafzai the Pakistani teen savagely shot by the Taliban for attending school
now an icon for girls education around the world with NBC's bill Neely
Great Britain France the US are now Mobilising the US will likely send surveillance drones FBI assistance and intelligence help with fewer than 10 more uniform military advisors and no helicopters as of now this is not a search and rescue mission
Nigeria heaven help us against Boko Haran the extremist Islamic movement terrorizing NE Nigeria Hillary Clinton today Boca Hurom is abominable for Nigeria's government is not without blame
Government of Nigeria has been in my view someone derelect and its responsibility for protecting boys and girls men and women in northern Nigeria over the last years
tonight in a striking contrast Nigeria's capital is hosting the World Economic Forum the world's wealth is corporate leaders
possibly diverting security forces that could otherwise be searching for the missing girls
Michelin or Washington newsroom tonight Andrea Sykes
we turn out of the crisis in Ukraine and a new claim by a flat Amir Putin's that he has now moved tens of thousands of his Russian troops away from the
clear if that is actually happened Archie foreign correspondent Richard Engel following it all from Donetsk in the eastern part of the country Richard good evening
good evening Brian if it were true he would be a major development in the escalate the crisis hear the problem is according to NATO official US military officials in US intelligence officials it is it true that looking at the satellites
In N Out singing any significant change in Russian troop movements so why make the claim Latimer Putin today made many surprising statement he called on Russian separatist here in eastern Ukraine to postpone a referendum on independence of events leading to hold
you said he wants an end to this crisis
it seems that couldn't run a present himself as a peacemaker not aggressive it could be a tactic
Richard Engel in Donetsk Ukraine forest and I Richardson TX a big part of this country is dealing with an early heatwave tonight
with records being broken and farmers now facing a tough time just as they are growing season in many cases just now gets underway NBC's Janet shamlian covering for us in Clearwater Kansas tonight
this field should be full of young porn right now that they have not be planted because it's simply to drive there hoping for a significant rain but they're not going to get it
biggest crop in Kansas all over the states
this is probably one of the worst cross at the states that I've ever seen in my 52 years
John Jenkinson is an egg special if your family is that in Farmington generation and he knows it harvest has been hard hit just by looking at it this week should be
waste Island on both of us that's less than half of work today and we're going ham
more than less of a half of a cup
what should have Kansas is locked in a heatwave August temperatures in early May
and could it be Wichita sauce no just 3 weeks ago today is in the 90 blanketing the southern plains
Wichita hit 95 today a record Kansas City with 15 degrees above normal 887 n in Concordia Kansas 98 degrees break in a 127 year old record
what you see on this map is where we expect temperatures to be the cooler or hotter than they normally would be where the drought is so bad temperature is it going to be hot because the atmosphere just going to continue to bake we expected route to build even more so in the planes as we go to the summer months
in Oklahoma is could be another 1935 Dust Bowl says the USDA 3904 condition tour last week of farms in Kansas forecast the weakest cropping 18 years in the top US wheat producing state
and you can see how dry and windy it is here be on the cross public utilities in Wichita Lone water uses of 25% last week due to the heat
Janet shamlian live in Clearwater Kansas Forest Hill LIJ
thanks one more noght on all the severe weather we've been seeing President Obama was in Arkansas today taking look at the destruction from the tornadoes in 10 days ago now feeling 1501 hard hat area the president 7 something like this happens it happens to all of us
you did that by way of pledging the federal government will be there until these communities are all rebuilt
teams of federal agents found out across the country today in a widening crackdown now on the growing black market for synthetic drugs DEA said its agents arrested
150 people serve 200 warrants sees 20 million dollars in cash and assets drugs including synthetic marijuana and bass artists
yesterday was primary day in a few states and won election results still a cliffhanger featuring a well-known Canada and would be member of Congress former American Idol star Clay Aiken is in a slim lead in the primary for a house in North Carolina 2nd district
Tara Simon outstanding balance it still hasn't been called when are the Democratic primary phases in uphill fight against the Republican and November there's a full wrap up a primary results in the politics section of our website
Castle Knights Edison's rising
against a police department in charge of excessive force following is a series of shootings captured on video and later the highest lookout
kind in all the land leaning out over Chicago a first look tonight at the view from above that won't be forever
we are back with a report about a city on the edge of the use of excessive force often recorded on video the police in Albuquerque New Mexico
remanded by the US Department of Justice protesters disrupted the City Council meeting earlier this week and they plan to do it again tomorrow night
to make sure their message gets heard we get our report tonight from our justice correspondent Pete Williams
seems like this if spark outrage over the tactics of Albuquerque Police homeless man carrying small knives is accused of illegally camping in mid March in order to surrender a fire a stun grenade
find a open fire killing ham in the past 4 years police in Albuquerque have sharp 39 people killing 26
part of a pattern the Justice Department's is it using excessive force unconstitutional on Monday protesters disrupted the meaning of the City Council using officials of failing to doing nothing response
the meeting is rescheduled for tomorrow but the protester say they'll be back
should demonstrate the level of frustration frustration among the people that live in Albuquerque with fear
blistering report last month the Justice Department police in Albuquerque are too quick to use deadly force against people who posed only a minimal use inappropriate for people who are
Sibley resisting or non threatening and use more force than needed in handling people with mental illnesses
what's roughly 1000 officers Albuquerque Police Department is New Mexico's largest now police there find a community skeptical of ever use of force last weekend police released only a short video clip after officers head shot and killed a 50-year-old Air Force veteran Armand Martin
ELISA hip thrusting his wife and her two children with a gun then ran out shooting investigation this video showed him with a gun inside
Albuquerque says he will do more to improve police training oversight City to face federal criticism of excessive force as the Obama administration more aggressively polices the police
Justice Department
will take a quick break here we're back in the moment with the star of the sports world proving why he's the most valuable
there's space news tonight as we repeatedly there a host of websites and apps that let you grab the kids and let you know when you can go outside and watch the International Space Station
flyover where you live shining brightly moving fast against the night sky well now as of today we can see what we look like from up there in real time
there are over 200 miles of moving at seventeen thousand miles an hour now there live streaming at all in high definition you'll see a sunrise and a sunset every 90 minutes there's a link to it on our website
while we have a more extensive report on this
next door in the days to come we wanna do alert you to a Nazy ating sight in one of the most beautiful places most breathtaking places in our country someone sadly is poaching the giant redwoods in California
cutting into them with chainsaws hacking into them for the burl sections of the wood the Elk Groce that are similar to large barnacles they are Prize for their wood grain patterns
it's believed some of the poachers are meth addicts the wood can sell for thousands of dollars are national treasures have paid a high price
these are thousand year old trees already one has been killed and many of them have been permanently harmed
after all the negative attention directed toward the NBA won t motor in particular thankfully we got to see just yesterday the very best of the NBA
4 time scoring champion Kevin Durant of the Oklahoma City Thunder was accepting the most valuable player award when he decided to dedicate 300 was mother who was there at the ceremony
Wanda Pratt was a single mother of two boys by the age of 21 Durant made it clear without her he wouldn't be where is today
Jet magazine is ending publication of its print edition right on the heels of Ladies Home Journal doing the same jet is switching to the web after 63 years in print
these days jet is there a manga scenes and African American leadership and well there slogan used to be if it is in NJ that didn't happen these days ebony enjoys a huge lead in circulation
our company made news today the International Olympic Committee as a grade one almost 8 billion dollar deal with NBC for broadcast rights to the Olympics through the year 2032 that's a long time in the deal includes the rights to games in cities that have yet to be selective
The Last Summer Games in London most watched on US television history vioc did not put the rice out for business time instead approach the network about an extension when we come back here tonight a spectacular view from above and has USC
as we say not forever
finally here tonight fair warning hang on to something as we take you high above Chicago for a new attraction opening this weekend decidedly not for those who fear great heights it is for those with strong stomachs love a great deal of red grapes
we get a preview tonight from our man in Chicago NBC is Kevin Tibbles
you've got a crick in your neck to see Chicago's newest attraction travel straight up 1030 to the 94 floor of the John Hancock Center
like to see someone else text first
form for up to 8 people
juicers
with spectacular views about to 50 miles
project not literally but yes
pronto help build
using tempered glass
after all this is the Windy City
what's a heaven for you I love big fan of hives
Planet on terra firma down below overwhelm you come right out
is it comes out and you go
tilting where no one has tilted before
factor pairs
heart stopping views of the Second City
safely from the other side of the glass Kevin Tibbles NBC News Chicago
joy the view what could go wrong that's our broadcast on a Wednesday night thank you for being here with us on Brian Williams wear for a cell to see you right back here tomorrow evening good